Name: Laverne
Version: 4.0.1
Built from Revision: fd7a07b3a2153826bedda2ef76b9a33ab2791680
Build Date: Jan 26 2011
Builder: autobuilder.pokylinux.org 

The Laverne 4.0.1 Release ensures you can use Poky Laverne on systems running 
Fedora 14 and Opensuse 11.3, fixes issues with the poky-qemu script, and fixes 
several other bugs. For the full changelog for Laverne 4.0.1 please read 
CHANGELOG.

Following are descriptions of fixes and known issues.

Fixes
------------------------

    * Make 3.82, as shipped with Fedora 14, included parser bug fixes that 
    resulted in a much stricter parser. As a result, the Makefiles could not be 
    parsed for many of the software versions shipped with Laverne. The Makefiles
    in the following recipes were fixed:

          o eglibc
          o busybox
          o procps
          o linux-libc-headers
          o gstreamer
          o gst-plugins
          o libowl-av
          o owl-video-widget
          o dates
          o contacts
          o web-webkit 

    * The ability to build openssl-native on a system that has SELINUX enabled 
    was restored. (We disabled the execstack flag at compile time.) 

    * A host-intrusion issue caused by a failure in QEMU to find zlib headers 
    during configure was fixed. The issue was causing qemu-native to use the 
    system zlib if it was present. If the system zlib was not present the build 
    would fail. 

    * Stability and usability enhancements, which included handling relative 
    filesystem paths, were made to poky-qemu scripts. 

    * The run-time remapping of package names when adding extra packages to an 
    image via the IMAGE_INSTALL mechanism were fixed. 

    * The configure test in quilt for GNU patch was fixed to that it correctly 
    detects the version. 

Known Issues
------------------------

    * The mpc3815e-rbd and routerstationpro machines were untested and not a 
    part of the official Laverne 4.0 release. These machines are still unusable 
    for this Laverne 4.0.1 release.
          o mpx3815e-rdb will not boot due to a kernel/uboot issue Bug #685
          o routerstation will not boot (by default) due to incorrect boot 
          parameters Bug #681
          o routerstationpro debug messages related to the ethernet driver print 
          during boot Bug #679 
    * Shutdown/poweroff on qemuarm does not cleanly halt the virtual machine. 
    To workaround this issue use the reboot command. Using this command avoids 
    a "power-cycle" and instead cleanly shuts down the VM Bug #684
    * Two "Connection Manager" icons appear in the Sato UI. This duplication has
    been fixed in master. Note that you can use either icon to launch the 
    connectivity UI. Bug #683
    * The on-screen keyboard incorrectly launches in the qemumips machine. This 
    issue is due to a mis-configured formfactor file Bug #682 

