The poky repository master branch is no longer being updated.

You can either:

a) switch to individual clones of bitbake, openembedded-core, meta-yocto and yocto-docs

b) use the new bitbake-setup

You can find information about either approach in our documentation:
https://docs.yoctoproject.org/

Note that "poky" the distro setting is still available in meta-yocto as
before and we continue to use and maintain that.

Long live Poky!




Some further information on the background of this change follows. The 
details are taken from:
https://lists.openembedded.org/g/openembedded-architecture/message/2179

TLDR: People have complained about the combo-layer built poky
repository for years. It was meant to be a temporary thing, we now have
an alternative and I'm therefore doing what I promised I'd do. Change
is tough, things may break but this is the right point to at least try
it.

I'd like to note that:
  * setting up builds with a separate oe-core and bitbake clone 
    works as it always has done
  * you can change your CI just to use those two repos instead of poky
  * bitbake-setup isn't mandatory, it will just be what the yocto-
    docs presents to users
  * we don't have to stop maintaining the poky repository 
    however nobody will test the new approach/code unless we do
  * we are optionally exposing sstate mirrors in the new config
  * we are also exposing config fragments to users
  * poky as a DISTRO in meta-yocto remains

A bit more about the history and background for those who are
interested and then some FAQs:

Back around 2010 when we split up openembedded-classic and started
developing layers, we made the artificial "poky" repository construct
as a way to let people easily and quickly get started with the project.
without cloning and managing multiple repositories. Layers were a new
idea with lots of rough edges. kas didn't exist, I think repo was only
just created and it was a different world. For us, ut meant hacking up
a quick tool, "combo-layer" and it was really a temporary solution to
fill a gap and it was at least as functional as repo of the era. It was
assumed we'd work it out properly in the future.

At developer meetings there are inevitable questions about why
poky/combo-layer exist and few seem to actually like/support it. There
are continual questions about why a tool doesn't exist or why we don't
adopt one too.

15 years later, a bit longer than we might have thought, we are finally
in a position where there may be a viable way forward to change.

It has taken us a bit of time to get to this point. I wrote the
original description of something like bitbake-setup about 7-8 years
ago. I shared it privately with a few people, the review feedback
stopped me pushing it further as I simply did not have the bandwidth.
We were fortunate to get funding from the Sovereign Tech Fund to start
the work and whilst I'd probably prefer to avoid the issue, the time
had come to start. Since then, Alexander Kanavin has put a lot of work
into getting it to the point where it would be possible to switch. A
huge thanks to him for getting this to the current point.

Why not use kas/submodules/repo?

This topic has been discussed in depth several times. Very roughly,
these are either difficult to focus on our use cases or have specific
designs and intent which we as a project would struggle to influence.
We are taking significant influence from some of them but also trying
to build something where we can benefit from tight direct integration
with bitbake and the metadata. For example fragment support is generic
and hopefully something other approaches can also benefit from. We want
to provide something we can switch the projects docs and autobuilder to
which we can control and develop as we need it to. We are not aiming to
force anyone to switch, you can use whichever tool you want.

Can we not keep poky [repository master branch] around?

If we do that, nobody will use the new tooling and it will be a
disaster as issues won't get resolved. We need our CI to use the same
thing we promote to our new and experienced users. We need this new
tooling to be usable by our experienced developers too. We have tried
for months to get people to try it and they simply don't. Making a
release with it won't change much either. It needs people using it and
for that, poky has to stop being updated.

What happens to poky [repository]?

The LTS branches continue their lifetime as planned. For master, I'll
probably put a final commit in changing to just a README which points
people at the bitbake-setup changes and explains what happened.

What are the timelines? Why now?

If we're going to make a change, we really want this in the next LTS
release, which is April 2026. We only have one release before that
which is now, October 2025. We therefore need to switch now, and then
give us time to update docs, fix issues that arise and so on and have
it in a release cycle. Whilst it means delaying the Oct 2025 release
slightly, that is the right thing to do in the context of the bigger
picture.

